draft for infra VM (#19447)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow-infra.mdx

Vulnerability data sent through [one of our integrations](/docs/vulnerability-management/integrations/overview).

## View the vulnerability surface area of your systems [#vulnerability-area]

<img
  title="Vulnerability Management overview"
  alt="An image showing the summary Vulnerability Management overview page."
  src="/images/security_screenshot-full_security-overview.webp"
/>

<figcaption>
  <DNT>
    **[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Vulnerability Management**
  </DNT>
</figcaption>

Once vulnerability data starts flowing into New Relic, you can access your data through various scoped views. To view a summary of your entire system, navigate to the [Vulnerability Management summary page](https://one.newrelic.com/vulnerability-management). This page provides curated dashboards representing the vulnerability of your system and baseline security hygiene.

Dig deeper into the security of your system by auditing the vulnerability of all your entities, libraries, and active vulnerabilities:

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="entity"
    title="Manage vulnerabilities for all your entities"
  >

>     From the Security RX summary page, select <DNT>**Entities**</DNT> to review the vulnerability status of all your entities. This view shows all your entities and allows you to scan and prioritize vulnerability remediation based on weighted vulnerabilities scores and severity profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To review the vulnerability status of all your entities, from the **Security RX summary** page, select <DNT>**Entities**</DNT>. This view shows all your entities and allows you to scan and prioritize vulnerability remediation based on weighted vulnerabilities scores and severity profiles.
```

>     Clicking into an entity opens up a scoped entity view of Vulnerability Management. Learn more about our scoped entity view in our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a developer](/docs/vulnerability-management/dev-workflow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click an entity to open up a **scoped entity** view of Vulnerability Management. Learn more about our scoped entity view in our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a developer](/docs/vulnerability-management/dev-workflow).
```

>     Clicking into an entity opens up a scoped entity view of Vulnerability Management. Learn more about our scoped entity view in our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a developer](/docs/vulnerability-management/dev-workflow).

Reviewer: What is the capitalization for "scoped entity"
Why are we still using "Vulnerability Management" as a proper noun?

    <img

>       title="Vulnerability Management overview"

Reviewer: Should this title change?
